Description:
   The game is an emulation of the game of blackjack, the goal of which is to get as close to 21 with out going over. In the begining of the game the player and the dealer are delt two cards. The player's cards are shown, while only one of the dealer's is shown. If a cards is an ace, the player will have to choose if they want it to be equal to 1 or 11, but for the dealer it will always be worth 11. Now if a hand consists of a ace and face card or ten, then that is a automatic blackjack and whosever hand it was wins that round. If a hand goes over 21 the round ends and the other hand wins, also the player decidees if they wnat to play again. A read out will tell you the value of your hand and from there you decided to either hit, stay, or fold. Hiting will get the player a new card and a new total value of the player hand, but it comes with the risk of going over. Staying will show both the player's and dealer's hands, also it will show who has won that round. Folding will end the entire game entirely and to play again the game has to be restarted. During the hit code and stay code the dealer will check if their value is less than to 17 and if it is it will hit itself no matter what. After the round ends the player is given the choice to play again, if they say yes the round restarts, but if they say no the entire game ends.

Citations:(MLA format with url at the end)
-262588213843476. “Python Blackjack.” Gist, gist.github.com/mjhea0/5680216., https://gist.github.com/mjhea0/5680216
-user3106855user3106855 19114, et al. “Printing Specific Items out of a List.” Stack Overflow, stackoverflow.com/questions/20609376/printing-specific-items-out-of-a-list?rq=1., https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20609376/printing-specific-items-out-of-a-list?rq=1

Extra information:
- The game has an anoying habit to repeat lines of text. Mostly just the text saying what value is your hand
- Also when it is telling the results it says the value of your hand twice it is neccessary. 
